docs: improve documentation clarity and naturalness (#6460)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/optimization/build-performance.mdx

### Parallel Less compilation

> If your project uses the [@rsbuild/plugin-less](/plugins/list/plugin-less) plugin with many Less files, enable parallel compilation to improve build performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project uses the [@rsbuild/plugin-less](/plugins/list/plugin-less) plugin with many Less files, you can try enabling parallel compilation to improve build performance.
```
